Update wording on WAN fed and intermediate_pki_path (#17850)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/ca/vault.mdx

  path does not exist, Consul will attempt to mount and configure this
  automatically.

>   When WAN Federation is enabled, every secondary datacenter which shares a common Vault cluster
>   must specify a unique `intermediate_pki_path`. If a Vault cluster is not being used by more than
>   one Consul datacenter, then this is not required. However, it is still recommended to use a
>   unique `intermediate_pki_path` per datacenter for operational and diagnostic clarity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When WAN federation is enabled, every secondary datacenter that shares a common Vault cluster
  must specify a unique `intermediate_pki_path`. If a Vault cluster is not used by more than
  one Consul datacenter, then the intermediate PKI path setting is not required. We still recommend using a
  unique `intermediate_pki_path` for each datacenter, however, to improve operational and diagnostic clarity.
```

Author: > If a Vault cluster is not used by more than one Consul datacenter, then the intermediate PKI path setting is not required.

The phrase above is slightly wrong; how does this read?

> If a Vault cluster is not used by more than one Consul datacenter, then **the uniqueness** is not required.

Reviewer: It's still kind of awkward. How about:

> If a Vault cluster is not used by more than one Consul datacenter, then you do not need to specify a unique value for the `intermediate_pki_path`. 

Right? You're saying that you still need to configure the setting, but the value doesn't have to be unique, correct?

Author: Yeah that works!
